readme was added (#6)
zachar-chorny/cinema-shop: README.md

# Cinema-shop
___

## Introduction

This is a prototype of a web application that works like a movie theater.

> In it, the user can have the role of Admin or regular user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this application, user can have two roles `ADMIN` or `USER`.
```

> Based on these roles, access to endpoints is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The access for endpoints depends on these roles.
```

## Project structure

#### The structure of this project consists of 3 levels:

> * Data access layer (DAO). This layer is responsible for accessing the database. It is implemented with Hibernate API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Data access layer (DAO). This layer is responsible for accessing the database. It is implemented with a Hibernate API.
```

* Application layer (service). This layer implements the main logic of the application.

> * Presentation layer (controllers). This layer is responsible for communication with the user. It is implemented with Spring API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Presentation layer (controllers). This layer is responsible for communication with a user. It is implemented with Spring API.
```

#### Technologies:
* MySql
* Hibernate ORM
* Spring(Core, Web, Security)
* Apache Tomcat
* Maven
* JSON
## Opportunities depending on the role

> To test this application, I provide two ready-made users:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ready-made users provided for testing this application:
```

> * username admin@i.ua with password admin123 with role admin
> * username user@i.ua with password user123 with role user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* username admin@i.ua with password admin123 and role `ADMIN`
* username user@i.ua with password user123 and role `USER`
```

> Use pre-made or register your own user (POST: /register)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also register a new one (POST: /register)
```

> The admin has access to such endpoints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The admin has an access to such endpoints:
```

* POST: /cinema-halls
* POST: /movies
* POST: /movie-sessions
* PUT: /movie-sessions/{id}
* DELETE: /movie-sessions/{id}
* GET: /users/by-email

> The user has access to such endpoints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user has an access to such endpoints:
```

* POST: /orders/complete
* PUT: /shopping-carts/movie-sessions
* GET: /orders
* GET: /shopping-carts/by-user

Endpoints that can be accessed by any logged-in user:
* GET: /cinema-halls
* GET: /movies
* GET: /movie-sessions/available

> #### To send requests to the above endpoints, use Postman

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Use Postman for sending your requests during testing this application
```

## How to start the application

1. Install and configure Apache Tomcat(v9.0.50)

> 2. Install MySQL with Workbench

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install MySQL with MySQL Workbench
```

> 3. Fork this project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Fork this project on GitHub
```

4. In the /resources/db.properties file, replace the stubs with your database data

> 5. Run the app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run the application
```
